'All great things must first wear terrifying and monstrous masks in order to inscribe themselves on the hearts of humanity.' — Friedrich Nietzsche
'Fear not for the future, weep not for the past.' — Percy Bysshe Shelley
'On the day when man told the story of his life to man, history was born.' — Alfred de Vigny
'The history of the past interests us only in so far as it illuminates the history of the present.' — Ernest Dimnet
'History is a wheel, for the nature of man is fundamentally unchanging. What has happened before will perforce happen again.' — George R.R. Martin
'I don't believe in accidents. There are only encounters in history.' — Pablo Picasso
'People are always shouting they want to create a better future. It's not true. The future is an apathetic void of no interest to anyone. The past is full of life, eager to irritate us, provoke and insult us, tempt us to destroy or repaint it. The only reason people want to be masters of the future is to change the past.' — Milan Kundera
'The most effective way to destroy people is to deny and obliterate their own understanding of their history.' — George Orwell
'History is the present. That's why every generation writes it anew. But what most people think of as history is its end product, myth.' — E. L. Doctorow
'The history of mankind is the instant between two strides taken by a traveller.' — Franz Kafka
'History doesn't repeat itself, but it does rhyme.' — Mark Twain
'You cannot amputate your history from your destiny, because that is redemption.' — Beth Moore
'Reason is the historian, but passions are the actors.' — Antoine Rivarol
'History repeats itself, first as tragedy, second as farce.' — Karl Marx
'As a historian, I have learned that, in fact, not everyone who reaches back into history can survive it. And it is not only reaching back that endangers us; sometimes history itself reaches inexorably forward for us with its shadowy claws.' — Elizabeth Kostova
'One cannot and must not try to erase the past merely because it does not fit the present.' — Golda Meir
'History is a set of lies agreed upon' — Napoleon Bonaparte
'When you lose your temper or even feel irritated: remember that human life is very short. Before long all of us will be laid out side by side.' — Marcus Aurelius
'Remember, remember always, that all of us, and you and I especially, are descended from immigrants and revolutionists.' — Franklin D. Roosevelt
'What is history? An echo of the past in the future, a reflex from the future on the past.' — Victor Hugo
'A people without the knowledge of their past history, origin and culture is like a tree without roots.' — Marcus Garvey
'A generation which ignores history has no past—and no future.' — Robert A. Heinlein
'History is a gallery of pictures in which there are few originals and many copies.' — Alexis de Tocqueville
'History is not a burden on the memory but an illumination of the soul.' — Lord Acton
'History is merely a list of surprises. It can only prepare us to be surprised yet again.' — Kurt Vonnegut
'What is history? An echo of the past in the future; a reflex from the future on the past.' — Victor Hugo
'If you want the present to be different from the past, study the past.' — Baruch Spinoza
'People are trapped in history and history is trapped in them.' — James Baldwin
'If history and science have taught us anything, it is that passion and desire are not the same as truth.' — E. O. Wilson
'Be honest. We have the science, the technology, and the wealth. What we don't have is the will, and that's not a reason that history will accept.' — Bono
'If you don't know history, then you don't know anything. You are a leaf that doesn't know it is part of a tree.' — Michael Crichton
'The historian is a prophet looking backward.' — Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Schlegel
'History is information. Memory is part of our identity.' — David Miliband
'We are not makers of history. We are made by history.' — Martin Luther King Jr.
'The farther backward you can look, the farther forward you are likely to see.' — Winston S. Churchill
'Neither the life of an individual nor the history of a society can be understood without understanding both.' — C. Wright Mills
'The past itself, as historical change continues to accelerate, has become the most surreal of subjects—making it possible to see a new beauty in what is vanishing.' — Susan Sontag
'Those who don't know history are doomed to repeat it.' — Edmund Burke
'To study history means submitting to chaos and nevertheless retaining faith in order and meaning.' — Hermann Hesse
'The history of the world is the biography of the great man. And I said: the great man always acts like like a thunder. He storms the skies, while others are waiting to be stormed.' — Thomas Carlyle
'History is always written by the winners. When two cultures clash, the loser is obliterated, and the winner writes the history books. Books, which glorify their own cause and disparage the conquered foe. As Napoleon once said, "what is history, but a fable agreed upon?"' — Dan Brown
'History will be kind to me for I intend to write it.' — Winston S. Churchill
'You cannot amputate your history from your destiny, because that is redemption.' — Beth Moore
'The game of history is usually played by the best and the worst over the heads of the majority in the middle.' — Eric Hoffer
'There is nothing new in the world except the history you do not know.' — Harry S. Truman
'It had long come to my attention that people of accomplishment rarely sat back and let things happen to them. They went out and happened to things.' — Leonardo da Vinci
'If history were taught in the form of stories, it would never be forgotten' — Rudyard Kipling
'The history of the past interests us only in so far as it illuminates the history of the present.' — Ernest Dimnet
'We are all tourists in history, and irony is what we win in wars.' — Anatole Broyard
'The history of all previous societies has been the history of class struggles.' — Karl Marx
'Without words, without writing and without books there would be no history, there could be no concept of humanity.' — Hermann Hesse
'History has demonstrated that the most notable winners usually encountered heartbreaking obstacles before they triumphed. They won because they refused to become discouraged by their defeats.' — B. C. Forbes
'Whatever we do or fail to do will influence the course of history.' — Arthur Henderson
'History will have to record that the greatest tragedy of this period of social transition was not the strident clamour of the bad people, but the appalling silence of the good people.' — Martin Luther King Jr.
'Remember that all through history, there have been tyrants and murderers, and for a time, they seem invincible. But in the end, they always fall. Always.' — Mahatma Gandhi
'Indeed, history is nothing more than a tableau of crimes and misfortunes.' — Voltaire
'History speaks to artists. It changes the artist's thinking and is constantly reshaping it into different and unexpected images.' — Anselm Kiefer
'Study the past and you would define the future.' — Confucius
'History is a nightmare from which I am trying to awake.' — James Joyce
'I can only note that the past is beautiful because one never realises an emotion at the time. It expands later, and thus we don't have complete emotions about the present, only about the past.' — Virginia Woolf
'History is a race between education and catastrophe.' — H. G. Wells
'History is written by the victors.' — Walter Benjamin
'That men do not learn very much from the lessons of history is the most important of all the lessons that history has to teach' — Aldous Huxley
'Those unable to catalogue the past are doomed to repeat it.' — Lemony Snicket
'History, despite its wrenching pain, cannot be unlived, however, if faced with courage, need not be lived again.' — Maya Angelou
'There are still many causes worth sacrificing for, so much history yet to be made.' — Michelle Obama
'The past changes a little every time we retell it.' — Hilary Mantel
'The best prophet of the future is the past.' — Lord Byron
'History, like love, is so apt to surround her heroes with an atmosphere of imaginary brightness.' — James Fenimore Cooper
'The most effective way to destroy people is to deny and obliterate their own understanding of their history.' — George Orwell



'To me, business isn't about wearing suits or pleasing stockholders. It's about being true to yourself, your ideas and focusing on the essentials.' - Richard Branson
'As you grow older, you will discover that you have two hands, one for helping yourself, the other for helping others.' - Audrey Hepburn
'The more you praise and celebrate your life, the more there is in life to celebrate.' - Oprah Winfrey
'Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm.' - Winston Churchill
'Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven't found it yet, keep looking. Don't settle. As with all matters of the heart, you'll know when you find it.' - Steve Jobs
'The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus.' - Bruce Lee
'Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do. So throw off the bowlines. Sail away from the safe harbor. Catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore. Dream. Discover.' - Mark Twain
'The longer I live, the more beautiful life becomes.' - Frank Lloyd Wright
'Though no one can go back and make a brand-new start, anyone can start from now and make a brand-new ending.' - Carl Bard
'Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people.' - Eleanor Roosevelt
'In order to be irreplaceable one must always be different.' - Coco Chanel
'I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.' - Thomas Edison
'If you're not stubborn, you'll give up on experiments too soon. And if you're not flexible, you'll pound your head against the wall and you won't see a different solution to a problem you're trying to solve.' - Jeff Bezos
'I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have.' - Thomas Jefferson
'Only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone.' - Pablo Picasso
'I believe every human has a finite number of heartbeats. I don't intend to waste any of mine.' - Neil Armstrong
'Be yourself. Everyone else is already taken.' - Oscar Wilde
'To be successful, you must accept all challenges that come your way. You can't just accept the ones you like.' - Mike Gafka
'I don't want to get to the end of my life and find that I lived just the length of it. I want to have lived the width of it as well.' - Diane Ackerman
'All progress takes place outside the comfort zone.' - Michael John Bobak
'Don't limit yourself. Many people limit themselves to what they think they can do. You can go as far as your mind lets you. What you believe, remember, you can achieve.' - Mary Kay Ash
'Once you choose hope, anything's possible.' - Christopher Reeve
'Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great.' - John D. Rockefeller
'Identity is a prison you can never escape, but the way to redeem your past is not to run from it, but to try to understand it, and use it as a foundation to grow.' - Jay-Z
'You may only succeed if you desire succeeding; you may only fail if you do not mind failing.' - Philippos
'All our dreams can come true if we have the courage to pursue them.' - Walt Disney
'In my experience, there is only one motivation, and that is desire. No reasons or principle contain it or stand against it.' - Jane Smiley
'Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life -- think of it, dream of it, live on that idea. Let the brain, muscles, nerves, every part of your body be full of that idea, and just leave every other idea alone. This is the way to success.' - Swami Vivekananda
'In the midst of movement and chaos, keep stillness inside of you.' - Deepak Chopra
'May you live every day of your life.' - Jonathan Swift
'You must expect great things of yourself before you can do them.' - Michael Jordan
'If you don't design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall into someone else's plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much.' - Jim Rohn
'You can't connect the dots looking forward; you can only connect them looking backward. So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future. You have to trust in something -- your gut, destiny, life, karma, whatever. This approach has never let me down, and it has made all the difference in my life.' - Steve Jobs
'Do one thing every day that scares you.' - Eleanor Roosevelt
'When you cease to dream you cease to live.' - Malcolm Forbes
'Courage is grace under pressure.' - Ernest Hemingway
'Happiness is a butterfly, which when pursued, is always beyond your grasp, but which, if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you.' - Nathaniel Hawthorne
'The biggest risk is not taking any risk... In a world that's changing really quickly, the only strategy that is guaranteed to fail is not taking risks.' - Mark Zuckerberg
'People ask, 'What's the best role you've ever played?' The next one.' - Kevin Kline
'Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.' - Thomas A. Edison
'If you're going through hell, keep going.' - Winston Churchill
'Try not to become a person of success, but rather try to become a person of value.' - Albert Einstein
'Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.' - Mahatma Gandhi
'Keep your face to the sunshine and you can never see the shadow.' - Helen Keller
'It is not the strongest of the species that survive, nor the most intelligent, but the one most responsive to change.' - Charles Darwin
'The first step toward success is taken when you refuse to be a captive of the environment in which you first find yourself.' - Mark Caine
'Life is short, and it is here to be lived.' - Kate Winslet
'Don't worry about failure; you only have to be right once.' - Drew Houston
'The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why.' - Mark Twain
'What seems to us as bitter trials are often blessings in disguise.' - Oscar Wilde
'There is no easy walk to freedom anywhere, and many of us will have to pass through the valley of the shadow of death again and again before we reach the mountaintop of our desires.' - Nelson Mandela
'Keep on going, and the chances are that you will stumble on something, perhaps when you are least expecting it. I never heard of anyone ever stumbling on something sitting down.' - Charles F. Kettering
'Change will not come if we wait for some other person or some other time. We are the ones we've been waiting for. We are the change that we seek.' - Barack Obama
'No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.' - Eleanor Roosevelt
'As we look ahead into the next century, leaders will be those who empower others.' - Bill Gates
'Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can.' - Arthur Ashe
'Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened.' - Dr. Seuss
'Whenever you see a successful person, you only see the public glories, never the private sacrifices to reach them.' - Vaibhav Shah
'I avoid looking forward or backward, and try to keep looking upward.' - Charlotte Bronte
'Our greatest fear should not be of failure... but of succeeding at things in life that don't really matter.' - Francis Chan
'Rarely have I seen a situation where doing less than the other guy is a good strategy.' - Jimmy Spithill
'Be patient with yourself. Self-growth is tender; it's holy ground. There's no greater investment.' - Stephen Covey
'If you want to make a permanent change, stop focusing on the size of your problems and start focusing on the size of you!' - T. Harv Eker
'Success does not consist in never making mistakes but in never making the same one a second time.' - George Bernard Shaw
'The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched -- they must be felt with the heart.' - Helen Keller
'You can't please everyone, and you can't make everyone like you.' - Katie Couric
'Successful people do what unsuccessful people are not willing to do. Don't wish it were easier; wish you were better.' - Jim Rohn
'The distance between insanity and genius is measured only by success.' - Bruce Feirstein
'One of the greatest diseases is to be nobody to anybody.' - Mother Teresa
'It does not matter how slowly you go, so long as you do not stop.' - Confucius
'It is never too late to be what you might have been.' - George Eliot
'A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him.' - David Brinkley
'If you love what you do and are willing to do what it takes, it's within your reach. And it'll be worth every minute you spend alone at night, thinking and thinking about what it is you want to design or build.' - Steve Wozniak
'Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm.' - Ralph Waldo Emerson
'You miss 100 percent of the shots you don't take.' - Wayne Gretzky
'Success is most often achieved by those who don't know that failure is inevitable.' - Coco Chanel
'We become what we think about most of the time, and that's the strangest secret.' - Earl Nightingale
'A dream doesn't become reality through magic; it takes sweat, determination, and hard work.' - Colin Powell
'The whole secret of a successful life is to find out what is one's destiny to do, and then do it.' - Henry Ford
'The way I see it, if you want the rainbow, you gotta put up with the rain.' - Dolly Parton
'Opportunities don't happen. You create them.' - Chris Grosser
'You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.' - Mae West
'Failure is another steppingstone to greatness.' - Oprah Winfrey
'But you have to do what you dream of doing even while you're afraid.' - Arianna Huffington
'If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more, and become more, you are a leader.' - John Quincy Adams
'Someone is sitting in the shade today because someone planted a tree a long time ago.' - Warren Buffett
'The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary.' - Vidal Sassoon
'If you are not willing to risk the usual, you will have to settle for the ordinary.' - Jim Rohn
'Success? I don't know what that word means. I'm happy. But success, that goes back to what in somebody's eyes success means. For me, success is inner peace. That's a good day for me.' - Denzel Washington
'Everything you can imagine is real.' - Pablo Picasso
'It often requires more courage to dare to do right than to fear to do wrong.' - Abraham Lincoln
'Sometimes you can't see yourself clearly until you see yourself through the eyes of others.' - Ellen DeGeneres
'The best revenge is massive success.' - Frank Sinatra
'If you always do what interests you, at least one person is pleased.' - Katharine Hepburn
'If you want to achieve excellence, you can get there today. As of this second, quit doing less-than-excellent work.' - Thomas J. Watson
'Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow. The important thing is not to stop questioning.' - Albert Einstein
'There are two types of people who will tell you that you cannot make a difference in this world: those who are afraid to try and those who are afraid you will succeed.' - Ray Goforth
'Things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out.' - John Wooden
'The difference between winning and losing is most often not quitting.' - Walt Disney
'If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough.' - Albert Einstein
'Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day-in and day-out.' - Robert Collier
